{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HoeflerText-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red19\green19\blue19;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11440\viewh17520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Who are you and what do you do?
\b0 \
I'm Erica Lyon, an eternal student and I like exploring, especially the places closest to me.\'a0\

\b \
How'd you become so interested in nature, water, etc.?
\b0 \
My father had a huge impact on me. He was always an avid hunter and just enjoyed walking in the woods with my siblings and I when we were kids. He showed me how to pick up snakes and where to find deer hiding during the day. We would always go kayaking in the creeks right next to our house, places where I would drive over daily and never really think about exploring. He taught me that the most interesting adventures can happen in the least expected places. \'a0\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\b Sounds like an awesome dude. -- Can you tell me about the last adventure you went on?
\b0 \
He recently came to visit me in Richmond and I got a chance to show him the trails around here. It was great. We walked over 5 miles from my house to the river and back. I was raised in swampy coastal areas so whitewater is new to my dad. We let our dogs swim in the cold water and explored the mountain biking trails on the North bank of the James.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \
\
How do you think your interest in the outdoors influences how you dress?
\b0 \
It definitely pushes me to purchase practical pieces of clothing. I also have to be comfortable in whatever I'm wearing because I move around a lot. However, whenever I am in a situation with other outdoor enthusiasts I'm constantly being teased for my clothing choices. I always get comments like "This isn't a fashion contest." I just like scarves and hats and I'm not afraid to wear ear muffs. They are practical!\

\b \
Any interesting stories about the items the wore? Hat, scarf, suspenders, etc.?
\b0 \
They are all hand me downs or from thrift stores over the years. I accumulate a lot of clothes that way. I'm really rough on my clothes so I don't like to spend too much on any one article.\'a0\

\b \
How would you describe the type of clothes you wear?
\b0 \
They are all hand me downs or from thrift stores over the years. I accumulate a lot of clothes that way. I'm really rough on my clothes so I don't like to spend too much on any one article. I have a habit of dressing in earth tones. A few years ago some one asked me what my New Year's resolution would be. I usually don't have an answer to questions like that but I answered, to wear more color. I love wearing black tan brown and forest green. I cannot seem to commit to color in my wardrobe. It's a shame.\'a0\

\b \
Why did you pick the clothes that you wore for the shoot?
\b0 \
I really didn't know what to wear. Everything I own is either previously used or from discount stores. My shoes were under 30 dollars. I have some interesting pieces of clothing but I think I dress pretty normal most of the time. I like simple classic ways of dressing, things that never go out of style. I also really enjoy wearing clothes that are unisex. Some one once compared my style to Annie Hall and that's one hell of a compliment.\'a0\
\

\b What are your plans or goals for that in the future?
\b0 \
I'm still in early stages of my education. I'm about to finish up my undergraduate degrees. I plan on getting as much field experience as I can. Eventually I will be doing my own research. \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\b Anything in specific?
\b0 \
I am open to the types of research that I will work on at first. Every time I start a new project I realize that I don't know enough about specific species of animals or specific ecological environments. My recent field work job was with box turtles and I had no idea how much I was going to love it. I know I want to work with water and aquatic species but everything else will come with experience.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \
What's your favorite thing to do on a perfect Saturday?\'a0
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Kayaking; I love the water. I fear it incredibly. The only downfall is I wish I could bring my dog with me on the river. Over the summer I would inflate a camping mattress and I would hook him to my kayak and just let him jump on and off of the camping mattress and onto rocks. My dog is good company.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\b Can you teach me how to swim?\

\b0 Yes. I would love to. I\cf3 'm terrified of water and how powerful it can be. Everyone should experience that fear a little bit!\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
}